All right.
Welcome back to the first update of the Twitter Clone Project.
Here, I would like to introduce to you some more advanced topics and I would like to remove the package
we used called next auth.
And instead I want to introduce you how to authenticate the users only using a fire based earth or fire
based authentication.
As we need to you to add the.
If you go to the firebase.
As if you want to add the rules in our project.
And I thought I told you guys before that we're going to add the rules later.
Now we are allowing reading and writing to anyone, but we want to limit the writing to the people who
are authenticated.
But by using NICS of package, we cannot do that one because we don't have the people already in authentication
of the firebase.
As you can see inside our project, there is no one here authenticated.
The reason is because we have authenticated the users using only nicks off nicks house is temporary.
Create the authentication for users and save it inside the browser.
But we want to have it inside the authentication inside the Firebase.
So if you just search in Google firebase.
Off.
Now let's check the documentation if you'll scroll down after the advertisement.
We have firebase that Google.com and we have docs off.
So we have a website called Firebase Authentication.
If you go to this website and here on the left, let me zoom it a little bit.
Here on the left, we have to go to the Web section.
So we click on the Web.
And if you scroll down a little bit, we can click on Google Authentication because we want to authorize
the person using Google.
So.
We have, we can easily get the provider, which is the Google using.
We just create we import Google auth provider from Firebase Auth.
Then we can just get the provider using this method.
We just say new Google off provider then.
We can get the authentication information using get off.
And this is coming from Firebase Off.
And this is going to give us the auth information.
This is similar to the session information in next off.
And this is not important.
It's just for language or other things.
Let's scroll down more.
And here, after getting the information from the off and also we get the provider using Google off
provider, we can sign up the person using a pop up here.
You just say we import first?
Sign up.
Sign in with pop up and be signing the person using the information from the authentication and the
provider.
Then we get the results, we can get the credentials, we can get the token similar to the one we did
in the next off.
And the result of the user is going to be inside this.
And also we can catch the errors.
If any errors happened, we can see which what sort of error we get.
So and also we can have another option instead of pop up, we can redirect the person to another page
like the next off and authenticate the person.
This is very similar to the one with pop up, but we need to use sign in with redirect from Firebase
Auth.
Don't worry about this.
Too many, too many information.
I'm going to step by step show it inside the browser and Visual Studio code.
So let's go back to Visual Studio code.
And we go to the signing page that we have created for the next off.
It should be inside pages.
Off folder called off and then signing the pages.
So here we have, as you can see, we get the providers and signing from next off, but we don't want
to do it again.
We can delete this one and we don't get the providers here as well as we are.
This is a.
Function.
This is a react function, react component.
We need to capitalize this one as well because we're going to get an error when we are deploying the
website.
Okay.
So we we don't have the providers, so we cannot map through it.
So we delete this one as well.
So we need to delete here as well.
And here we, we used get server side props to get the information of the providers.
We don't need it.
We want to get all of them from Firebase basically.
So we don't need the key as well here because we are not map mapping through anything.
And here we used signing method of next after signing.
We delete this one as well and instead of this are going to create a function called signing with Google.
So I delete everything here.
And instead of.
This function we just say on.
Google.
Click.
And also here signing with provider name.
We don't have the provider anymore, so we just say Google as we are just using Google now if we check.
We should get an error because we didn't create this function yet.
So let's create this function at the top here.
This function should be asynchronous because we are using try and catch.
For the firebase.
Let's let me mute the computer.
So we have on Google click function and this is going to be a synchronous and.
So we just created a function.
Let's check the website in our localhost.
3000.
Here.
So let's refresh the page.
We shouldn't be we shouldn't get any problem because we have just changed the signing page.
And when we sign out here.
And we go to sign in page by clicking on this button.
As you can see, everything is similar to before, but when we click here, nothing happens because
we haven't created the function yet.
So as I mentioned, we need to bring some some building function from fire based authentication.
So at a top, we're going to import.
Some things like get off.
This should be together.
Camel case.
Get off.
Sign in.
With Papa.
These are all camel case.
Then we have.
Google.
Off.
For wider.
All of this coming from Firebase.
Former slash off.
Now we can get the things we like.
Like, as I mentioned, we can get the off information, the.
So the off is equal to get off.
Let me console.log this.
So we just say log off.
I want to show you what's inside of first.
So here we open the console using F12.
So let's open it.
When we click on signing with Google.
So let's see what error we got.
So as we we didn't import DB.
So no, the file firebase doesn't know which database you want to get.
So this is simply we need to.
Before this.
We need to import DB.
From.
I think this is coming one to
Firebase.
We have created Firebase here, which is two folder.
We have to go back to folder and reach that.
So now we have that.
So let's try again.
Now we are getting the information of off.
As you can see, the current user here is null means there is no current users authenticated inside
the here and and also it should be here if refresh the page there is nothing inside the authentication
in Firebase so let's use the pop up to authenticate someone so.
So now off is empty.
So we're still logging it.
So let's get to provider first with just say cons provider.
And this is going to be equal new.
Google off provider.
This is a function, so we need to add a parenthesis.
Then we need to use the pop up method to use it.
But the pop up method because it needs our action.
So we need to add a waste because we need to wait, wait to see the result and then go to the next line.
So here we just say sign it with pop up.
And this is going to get two things the off.
Which is now empty then doesn't have any users.
And the next one is provider.
Which is coming from here.
Now, if we try again in our website.
If you click on Google, we see it pop up.
A window pops up and asks us to sign it.
So we can choose one of the accounts like this one or that or anything I add.
It's going to be added to our database.
So we click here, for example, this one.
Just check here.
Now, if you open the off.
We have the current user here.
The current user.
The display name is my name.
So let me zoom it a little bit.
So here.
My name, my email.
And also.
If you want the all the data, you should go to the provider data.
And this is going to give you.
You know, this is.
Okay.
So let's close this.
That's fine.
So current user is going to give us many information.
So we, we check it later when we want to show it inside our database.
So we are getting all the results, as you can see.
Now let's go back to.
The authentication and refresh the page.
Now we should see the user sign in here and inside here.
As you can see, my email is here.
The provider name is Google.
It's created today.
I signed in today as well.
So now I created if I sign in again tomorrow, the signing date would be different.
And this is the unique ID for this authentication.
This is different from the unique ID that Google gives you.
So we shouldn't use this phone actually to create our database because if I delete this one now and
signing again with the same email account, it gives us different.
User a unique ID for the authentication.
So it's important to get the Google unique ID.
Okay.
Now we got this one.
Let's get some information here.
We get the user, as I mentioned, inside off.
We have the current user and inside the.
Uh, let me show you again.
So we have the current user here and then inside the current user we have provider data and inside this
we have some one array.
If you open this zero, we have the display name, we have the email, we have the photo URL and also
we have the unique ID.
This is the this is I meant that Google gives you and this is always the same.
If I sign in myself in any other websites, this is going to be my unique ID.
So this is always be the same.
So we have to use this one to register a person, not the unique ID that the authentication gives you.
So now that we have all this information, I want to create an inside the Firebase database.
If you remember, we we have created a document for posts.
Now I want to make another document called users and I want to store I want to save all the users that's
signing in the in the website.
The reason I want to do that one is I want to later, for example, I want to create this is the final
website Twitter dot 100 JS Project dot com.
If you click on this, for example, this user, I want to go inside the user's page and get the information
from this document place and show it there and also.
Any other.
So?
So anyone signing in our page.
You're going to save the information like unique ID display name, name and also the username that we
are creating inside the database as well.
So let's do this.
So we go back to Visual Studio code.
So we we get the user using auth that user, a current user that provided data.
And this is going to be inside the array and the first one, which is zero.
Okay.
Now, if you can't see a log user, we should see the only that information.
So let's sign in again.
For example, I sign it with.
This account called It's a Hand.
Now we are getting the information like this plane name, email, photo URL and also user ID.
Now we can go back to the Visual Studio code and.
Add the user to the as a document.
So just after getting the user.
You can create a reference to the.
Document.
We're just creating a consent.
And we call it doc.
Ref.
And we use the dock function from the fire base.
So we need to import it from Firebase File Store.
And this is getting the DPI.
So the address is our database.
You want to create a document collection?
So let me see.
So this is the collection.
This is a document.
So we're creating a new collection, actually.
So the collection name is users.
Then we have.
We need to create it as a user that user ID.
So you're getting the user from here.
The user ID is inside the user.
And we want to create it like this.
For the post.
We just let the file store to create a random ID for us.
But we want to have the post.
Users with not a random with a user ID because we don't we want to prevent creating duplicate users.
Okay.
After that, we need to get the snapshot.
So we just said, Doc, snap.
It's equal to.
We need to wait until the document created.
So now first we want to get the address.
We just get the document.
If the document not exists, we want to create it.
So.
So first we create the.
We get the document talk ref.
And we just create a condition.
We just say if.
There is no.
Dark snap.
That.
Exists.
Exists is a method we can use from file store.
So if there is no document with this address we are getting here.
Now we want to create it so here we can wait.
And instead of get dark, we just create it using set dock.
And sick that is going to get the same thing.
Same address.
So we use the doc ref here.
You just said doc ref.
And the second one is an object that.
Has the things inside this.
For example, we want the name to be equal to user that display name.
We want to get many things like email.
Which is user.
That email.
And then if you remember, we created the username as well because we are not using.
Next off we need to create it again.
So I think we create it inside the next off here.
We can copy this one instead of creating a write in it again, we can copy it.
We go back to.
Here and we paste it here.
Instead of this, it should be.
Username.
And this is going to be equal.
User display name.
And then.
It should be.
Yeah.
You need to split it.
So we split the first name and the last name.
Buy this space.
Then we want to join it.
Again and then make it lowercase.
Okay.
After the username.
The other things I want to get is a user image.
Which is equal to user.
Dot.
Photo URL.
This is.
This should be like this.
Okay.
Then then we can get the user ID as well.
So we just say user ID is equal to user dot user ID and finally we can get the time that the user is
created.
So we just say.
Time stamp.
Is equal to silver.
Timestamp.
Let's import all of them.
Set doc is imported already.
Then we need to import time stamp.
That is okay too.
So we have doc get doc said doc several time stamp.
And DBS is important as well.
I think it's fine.
We can test it now.
Let's go back to localhost 3000 inside the signing page.
Let's sign in with another account's.
Just first I show you that we don't have any users here.
Let me refresh.
Okay.
Now.
We can sign in with this account, for example.
Okay.
We are getting the console log.
Excuse me then.
Uh, let's try this.
Refresh this page.
Yeah.
We're getting a new collection and the first document is with the user ID is created.
It has the email name timestamp user ID, which is similar to this one.
User image and also username that was for this part.
And as I mentioned before, we can get the error as well.
So it's very simple.
We can just use, try and catch.
We just say try.
We write and try.
And we can get the auto suggestion, try, catch statement and we can bring everything inside the try
here.
And then for the error.
We just for now we console.log.
Error later we can make a.
We can make a toaster to show it as a toast.
But for now, that is fine.
We can get the error now as well.
Okay.
Let's try this again with another user.
So assigning which Google.
I we try the other user.
Now we should see another document added and also in authentication.
We should see both of them.
With Google private provider and the time that we are signed in.
Okay.
In the next step.
We want to.
For example, when we are in the.
Localhost, 3000.
No.
We actually signed in.
But.
As you can see, we are not signing because we cannot put any post because the signing information is
coming from next off now.
But we are often authenticated the person using fire fire based authentication.
So we need to get the information from the Firebase authentication and also update these sections,
for example, in sidebar.
We will use.
We were importing U.S. from next off.
And then we were creating getting the decision and.
Based on that.
If the decision was true, we were showing the sidebar, we were showing the the buttons and the mini
profile.
But instead of this, you want to create get it from the Firebase authentication.
So in the next step, we want to do that.
So here, inside sidebar, that is.
We don't want to use next.
Arthur, we delete this one completely.
We don't want to create a situation.
So we should get an error now.
But.
We can just get everything from Firebase authentication here.
So first we need to create the get the off and off this coming from get.
Off.
Which is coming from Firebase of.
After that, we can create.
A use effect.
You know, let me just show you first.
But, uh, let me show you in the final, final version.
In all pages, for example, this is the homepage.
And if you go inside this, for example, post.
We still have the sidebar.
So I want to just inside the sidebar, which is common in our website.
I want to get the authentication
data.
And then I want to store it.
Store the user inside the global state using recoil and use it everywhere.
For example, we can use it when we are making the post, signing and liking any anywhere inside our
website.
So we don't we don't need to fetch the user data all the time in all components.
We can just do it one time inside the sidebar and the sidebar is always
rendering inside our website because it's existed in all pages.
So here.
We can.
Use.
Effect.
Hook.
Let's create the use of fact first.
The dependency we are using.
It's just an empty bracket because we want to only render this one time.
When this page is refreshed.
Or when something is changing inside the page.
For example, the.
Uh, yeah, that's one time is enough.
Because we are authenticated a person one time and then.
We want to check if the person is authenticated one time and if the person click on the sign out button.
That's the different story we can re render.
We can use sign out method from Firebase to sign out the person.
Now we want to check the status of the person that is signing or not.
We can use a method called on off a state change from Firebase Off.
And this is going to take two things to off.
So we want to know which person and also this is going to give us the user if the user exists or not.
It gives us this and we check here.
If the user exists.
We want to catch the user data from the.
Collection your users collections.
So the address here.
The document reference.
Is equal to.
We want to get the document data here, which is coming from DB from Firebase.
Here you have imported.
And the collection name is users.
And finally, we want to get the user ID.
If you remember inside the auth.
We had this address current user.
Then we had to provide the data and in the first element of the array we could get the user ID.
Okay.
Now we have the address.
Then we want to create a snap shot.
So we just say, Doc, snap and we can wait and get this snap shot using get doc.
And the document reference is this one.
So that is okay.
We now we are getting the user from the database.
We can also we can double check here as well.
We just say if the user exists.
For any reason if this doesn't exist.
Uh.
And then the.
We want to.
Just.
When this one happened.
Uh, we want to.
First, we want to create a.
Global estate.
As I mentioned before, we want to create a global estate call current user so we can just say set.
Current user for the view when we want to change this state.
And then we can use.
Use.
Recoil.
You just say use the recoil and this can be this should be used recoil a state that is coming from recoil
we can import it.
Now we haven't created this inside the recoil atom.
So we can.
Here.
We can just.
Create another file.
We call it.
User.
User Atom James.
Let's copy one of these.
So we can copy this one.
And we change this model to user state.
And the key is user state.
And the default value is null means the person is not existed.
So here we can just say initial value is the user state that we have created inside the atom.
So we need to import it from atom user atom.
Okay.
Now, they said if the if the document exists.
Inside our database we want to set.
This current user.
To that document.
So this is going to be doc snap.
Which we are getting here, Dot.
If you remember, it's inside data.
Okay.
And then there is a problem here.
Maybe you have noticed we have a vat here, but we don't have a cent center, a synchronous function.
We cannot do the use effect.
Turn it to a synchronous.
We need to create a separate function.
And we call this, for example, Fitch.
User.
And this can be a synchronous.
And we put this everything.
Inside this.
And but we need to call this function somewhere.
So we need to call it here.
So now we can.
Remove the problems in our browser.
Let me check if you're getting an error.
So we got the error I was talking about.
Still getting error.
Let me check.
Line 29 said we are using a wait.
And that is a synchronous.
Yes.
Each user.
And.
So this is inside this.
It should work, actually.
Let's try and just refresh the page.
It isn't allowed in non synchronous function.
That's weird.
The problem is this function should be inside the if statement.
So we.
Just let me move this phone here.
And then this one.
This should be here.
So fetch user.
And then this one should be inside.
So.
Let me check.
So this is the error.
So we are gaining because we use section instead of current user.
So let's first console log current user and we see that we are getting the information or not and we
open the.
A console using F 12.
Let's refresh the page.
So let's get rid of all these errors and then we fix that one.
So instead of session, we want to use current user.
Some say if this current user exists, we want to show these icons.
And for the button as well.
And here instead of session we should say current user name.
Current User Username.
Now we can protect them as well.
And then.
So let's try now.
Still secession is not defined.
And let me see where we missed the session.
I search for session here.
So.
This one user.
Current user.
But then if you remember, we just said user image instead.
Now they think this signing is not defined.
So let's.
Let's remove this for now.
We cannot remove it.
So let's remove the archaic phone.
Okay.
We should see our website or document is not defined, so we just need to import document from file
store.
Now sign knots is not defined 79.
79.
So let's say move this for now.
Okay.
Actually we are signing because we are authenticated.
Now let's check who is authenticated.
So the current user.
So it's showing now.
But the.
Because here.
Shouldn't.
So let's add this sign out as well so we can exactly know we are really signing or not.
So here that we remove this sign out, we can bring it back.
But instead of using, we can use a sign out from Firebase Authentication.
That's just a method.
If we call this method, we're going to be sign out.
So let's try now.
When we click on this image, we should sign out.
So we're getting an error from Firebase.
Sign out is not a function.
So we cannot use it like this.
We need to.
Make a function for it.
We call this on.
Sign out and recreate the function here.
Just add a top.
We create a function and we call it on.
Sign out.
And we just need to call the sign out from next from the Firebase Auth.
And this is getting the off as well.
So the oath should be added to sign out.
And here we need to set the current user to null again.
So let's try this.
Here.
We sign out.
As you can see, we signed out.
Okay, let's decrease the size.
Here.
Okay for signing now.
It doesn't do anything.
We want to go to the that page.
The signing page.
In order to do that before we were using just signing a method of next off.
But now we want to use the next route.
So we need to import.
Use router.
Sorry, we use router from next router.
Then we need to initialize it here at the top.
So just say coms and we call it the router and this is going to be equal to use router.
And now we can use the router to go to another page.
So.
Here we bring back the and click on the button for the signing and we just create a function and then
we just say, router dot.
Push.
And we want this to push us to sign.
It was in the folder called off sign and.
Okay.
Let's try it.
Now we click on signing.
We should go to this page.
Let's sign in with another.
Or, for example, is signing with this.
We are getting the current user here.
But we are not redirecting to the homepage.
We're still in the same page.
So inside the the sign in page.
After we.
We sign in here.
Let's delete this console log.
And after this we need to bring to use that same system.
The.
Use.
Router from next router.
We need to initialize it here.
We just say router is equal to use router and after we sign in the person.
We can just say.
Rather don't push and we bring the person to homepage.
So let's try it again.
We try this?
Now, after this, we should go to the homepage.
Okay.
And then we also we see the persons data inside the mini profile and we see the.
So that's fine.
Okay.
I don't know why we're still getting the.
Not for the user, but we have the user actually.
So let's see again inside the sidebar.
Console.log.
Current user.
Let's console.log here at the top.
Now we are getting now the surface to page.
Okay.
We are getting the current user, which is this one.
Lets sign out by clicking on the person's image.
Now you're getting.
No, that's okay.
So let's sign in again with someone else.
Like this person.
Okay.
Now we should go back to homepage and we should get a different current user.
But it's a hand user ID and everything.
So that was it for the sidebar section.
Now let me close this.
Now we want to have the input section because the input, the post everything is based on the next off.
Now we want to change it to, to, uh, firebase authentication.
But now our work is easier.
We don't need to use use effect and fetch the user data.
We just need to have this global state current user in anywhere in our RPF site and we get the current
user.
So in the next component we can go to the input that jazz and we change everything from next off to
Firebase Authentication.
So let's first delete the use session and the import from next auth.
Okay.
Now.
We just need to import.
We need to just get the.
Just do it at the top.
Uh.
Just here, we create another global hawk using recoil.
And this is going to be current user.
Be just a set current user.
And this is going to be equal to use recoil a state.
I think we have our imported, uh, we didn't import it yet.
Use we call stage and the initial value is user state, which is coming from atom.
So we need to import them both.
So here are the top I import.
Use recoil.
A state from.
Recoil.
Then we import.
User state.
From user atom.
Okay.
Now we have the current user.
So instead of session everywhere we use in session, we can use the current user.
For example, this should be current user that user ID.
And the image, if you remember, it was a user image.
And we have the name.
Which is.
Yeah.
That's his name as well.
And that is your username.
So that's fine.
And then.
We?
Let's see where we just search for a session.
Here we say session.
We can just change this one to current user.
For the image, user image, we just say current user dot user image.
Let me see if maybe.
That's user image testifying.
Okay.
That's okay.
Let's see what else we have.
I think it's completed.
Now let's protect this.
And we should have some sign out button here as well.
Yeah.
Here we have on click.
We have signed out.
We can just create a function again on.
Sign out.
Now we create it here at the top.
The function name is on.
So I.
Out.
And firstly, we need to just say sign.
You used sign up from fire based off and we need to off as well so just off but this is.
And we should create it here.
We need firstly import set off.
And then.
Here.
We just create a constant and we call it off.
And this is going to be equals.
Sorry.
This is.
Get off.
I think this is.
You just say get off.
And then.
In the function.
We set the current user to NULL again when we sign out.
So let's test this now.
We can see the input, actually.
Let's make a new.
Post.
Just say hello to that.
It's coming here.
That's fine.
And then.
Let's sign out on the side of.
We see it.
We.
We click here to sign out.
Och, it's working.
Let's sign in again with another account.
Okay.
Yeah.
It's working.
That's fine.
Next step, we can.
We're going to fix the post section because now we're using actually.
Uh.
I don't know who who put the comment for me.
Okay.
Thank you so much for the comment.
And then because people were using this, testing it and creating it.
So it's happening.
Everything real time.
And then let's fix this post section.
So now we.
Uh, we just got back to post.
Geez.
And.
Let's remove this session.
Which is here.
Next off, we don't need this.
Session.
And we need to import the current user.
So after this.
We can just create a constant and this is going to be current user.
We need.
We don't need to change it, actually.
In the post.
So we can just use that one.
We just say use record of state and the state we want to use is user state.
And this is coming from Aton.
Okay.
So let's search for session and we change it to current user.
So.
Ford has like.
We can use the current user.
We can.
Protect it.
And also we can we need to add it as a dependency as well because when the current user change, we
want to call this use effect.
This copy this current user and the next section is here.
So this is user ID.
And here as well.
This one.
Next.
Okay.
For a sign in, we need to redirect the person instead of sign in with the next auth.
So let's fix this one first.
So I comment this.
And yeah, we have to use a router so we don't need to import it again.
So here we just push the person.
You just say rooter that push.
And this is going to be a fourth sign.
And
so I just leave it as a comment.
Next session is here.
Let's change it to current user.
Next one is here according to user.
College user.
Okay.
So we missed that one.
I think it's finished now.
Let's see the results.
Okay.
Uh.
Let's.
Like this.
That's working.
And we need.
I just put a new post.
We just said test and then.
Let me try to delete it.
Let's just say delete.
Okay.
It's working to.
For the comment.
We should get an error because we need to fix the comment model.
So let's come back to the homepage for the model.
We're going to fix it.
Soon.
Let's check everything in the post as.
So here's here.
So we sign in the person here.
Should be another sign as well.
Let me check.
Search for signing.
Yeah.
If the current user is not excessive, you need to sign in again.
So here we just redirect the person to.
Uh, which I say.
Dot.
Push.
And we pushed the person to off.
Sign in.
Let's try it.
So let's sign out now and try to like the person.
We should be redirected again.
Let's put the comment we are redirecting to so.
That's fine.
And then.
Okay, now let's sign in again.
So now we need to fix the model part.
So we go to model.
Should a comment model that jazz and we fix this one.
So first we need to delete.
The U.S..
The session.
So let's import the model.
Just under this model, we need to.
Current user and this is going to be equal use recoil state.
From the initial value is user.
This state which is coming from a user at.
Okay.
Let's search for succession here.
We changed his phone to.
Current.
User.
The username.
The image should be user image and for user ID just current user.
What else we have here inside the image?
This is should this one should be current user and the image is user image.
Okay.
What else we have, that is.
That's it.
Let's test it.
So we just put a comma here.
Just a test.
Reply.
Okay.
It's working.
Like this person.
So it doesn't work.
Now we need to fix the actually the comment section because the comment has a different component and
it's we need to remove it.
The model is fixed.
So let's go.
For example, here we just go to the comment section.
So let's go to comment.
Commenter J.
S.
We delete the
next auth.
I'm here.
And.
Here.
Let's bring the current user.
And this is going to be used to recoil a state.
And user state.
It's just coming from the user at all.
Right, so let's copy this and search for session.
The first one is here, we can protect it and also we need to add it as a dependency.
Then we say if the situation exists, show that.
We can like the like it.
So let's change this.
And here.
This one is username.
And otherwise, we need to sign it.
So we need to redirect the person.
To.
The off and signed.
Sign.
Let me check that if we have a router already or not.
Yes, we have the user out, so it's fine.
We try the next one.
If the user is not exists again, we need to sign in router to push.
Off.
Exactly.
Off and sign in.
What is next?
So here.
User ID.
I think it's fine.
Let's check.
Now.
I can delete it?
Probably.
Okay.
So let's like so we can like it.
Now, let's put a comment here.
Just say thank you.
Like myself.
So the comment section is working as well.
Good.
So.
Let's test it again by signing out.
So now sign out.
As you can see, the.
The hearts change.
This is because we added this.
We add it as a dependency.
If we didn't add it as a dependency, that one should stay still.
Read.
So let's sign in again.
I want to show you how dependency is very important first.
So let's see in this comment.
So I have already liked.
Now.
I didn't like it with this account.
So as you can see, this is red.
Now, if I remove the dependency inside the.
Let me check the use effect.
But.
Here.
I added the current user if I remove the current user here now.
If I sign out, you just pay attention to this rate.
See, it's still the red.
It shouldn't be red, but.
Uh, yeah, the current if we have the current user, when the current users change this one, the state
is updated as well.
Okay.
I just we need to add it some louder as well, so I'm going to add it later.
So everything is working nice now.
So inside the comments, let me search for the sign in.
Ms..
Some sign in.
No, it's fine.
Fix all of them.
Yeah.
That was it for the updating our projects from next off to Firebase Authentication.
So now we don't need to actually have the next off authenticate next off package.
We can just actually delete it and.
Now we can also add the rules in our.
If you look at the.
Our firebase, we can now add the rules in the storage and also to the Firebase database.
So see that the rules for storage is just it's just everybody can read and write.
So even they are not authenticated.
They can.
They can use my database inside the browser to upload whatever they want in our database, but actually
we want to limit them for the authenticated person.
And also I want to limit the person just can upload the image, not the videos or anything else.
And the image should be less than a specific size.
For example, less than two megabytes or less than one megabyte.
So we can.
We can add more rules here and also for database as well.
We can add some rules.
So that was it for the authentication part.
Before we forget, we just need to add.
This path to the top and we can just deploy it again to the vessel.
So let's start the server.
And we add everything to get.
B create a comet.
With a message of We just say.
Update.
And the message would be, for example, add.
Fire.
Base fend off.
And to remove.
Next off.
Which at this.
Okay.
I think it's fine.
We just push it to get.
Now if you go to the final.
We just.
Let me go to Warsaw.
Low gain.
Let's try the other browser.
Here.
Because I already have the account here.
I don't want to sign it again.
So this one.
Kick.
So the date the last commit is update and faster and let's see if it's deploying or not.
Just.
Still building.
Let's check the deployments.
I think it's ready now.
We need we can go to the website here and check.
Yeah.
Uh, yeah, it's working.
And the new version is up to date.
Updated.
So let's open the.
Console.
Yeah we see the current user is not so this is the new version and also in GitHub.
Scott.
To get.
And let me check my last repository.
Twitter.
You can see the last comment is update at FOB Firebase off and remove next off.
And it's already deployed.
And you can see all the changes.
If you're confused with the video, you can just check.
For example, we deleted we added the ATM here or deleted the use section.
So by just doing it a split, not unified, you can easily see where.
Is change and you can simply apply it to your own things.
It was a lot of work for us, but now actually we could we got rid of one package and also we can add
the rules and also we can.
At the user page as well.
Okay.
So you're in the next section for the more updates.
And also we beat other section like adding the rules on other things.
See.